today's fast-paced world you might not
find time to mentor your garden so today
I'll be talking about hydroponics and I
will actually be teaching you how to
build your very own deep water culture
system you know what you can grow small
plants and even small vegetable plants
an airstone net pots
rockwool very cheap an air hose air pump
a lid
and a reservoir
and finally a planet so we will start
off by filling our reservoir halfways
with water will then take the air hub
the airline and push it through the hole
I have pre-drilled here I will then take
my air stone and insert it into the air
hose
we will now take the air hose and put
that into the air pump which is going to
be plugged in and as you can see the
bubbles immediately start bubbling up
we'll then you to place the cap on the
reservoir and
take the plant insert the plant into our
aqwal
and finally placing the ruffle into our
recipe
all right how this works is the roots
are suspended over the nutrient solution
which allows the roots taking as much
food as they need this means less work
for the plant and more that more energy
goes into put into producing new leaves
and stems with less energy being wasted
it results in less stress for the plant
and that translates into more yield in a
smaller space and in less time
why we have the air pump and the bubbles
okay well first off the main reason is
to keep the nutrient solution aerated
which will keep the plant happy it also
aids in the circulation of the nutrient
solution and will keep it from setting
the advantages to a deep water culture
hydroponic system or well first off it's
very easy and very cheap to build one
they are low maintenance and require no
potting soil which which means less bugs
or actually no bugs at all because they
can't live in the actual nutrient
solution itself
they produce your produces year-round
indoors and produces high-quality foods
which you and your family can enjoy it
now if all this isn't enough for you
well think about it like this why would
you do this well first off you would be
reducing your eco footprint by reducing
the amount of produce that a truck
driver delivers to the store you will be
one less person who they have to supply
now it's also a great way to encourage
children to appreciate nature and this
is the beauty of deep water culture and
hydroponics in general children can get
into it and it's a science they're
fascinated now and who wouldn't want
their children interested in plants and
in nature and the last reason the reason
that I started was because you'll be
growing like NASA go ahead Sunday who
knows we might be going on the moon